I love my family very much.
Even though we don't have a lot, we're glad we have each other.
Mom works really hard to provide for us.
It's just the four of us.
We've all been feeling just a little sadly.
I can tell she's really tired and worries a lot.
I try to help out.
Sometimes I help to get everyone ready for the meeting.
We seem to manage our right, but things are really hard.
I think the elders could tell we were struggling.
They came to visit us.
They were so loving.
They really listened to Mom and even read her some scriptures.
They helped her to see that Jehovah still cared about all of us.
That we still have the love of the congregation to strengthen us.
I could tell Mom felt a lot better afterwards.
At our next family worship, Mom read to us 2 Corinthians 8.1 to 4.
That story is about the Macedonians.
Mom had us close our eyes so we can imagine the scene.
Even though the Macedonians were very poor, they found happiness by giving what they could
others.
They even begged the apostles for the opportunity to give.
Then we read Acts 2035 where it says,
There is more happiness and giving than there is and receiving, like Sister said.
But we don't have anything to give.
Mom said, but we do.
We have ourselves.
It got us all thinking.
Mom had a great idea.
We spent the rest of our family worship making special gifts for the friends and our congregation.
It was pretty amazing.
Even though we don't have a lot materially, there is still so much we can give.
Like putting a little in the contribution box each week and helping to clean.
And of course, sharing in the ministry is the very best way we can give to others.
Now we are even closer as a family.
And we have learned that there truly is more happiness and giving.